BG 12.18-19:1	A devotee is always free from all bad association. Sometimes one is praised and sometimes one is defamed; that is the nature of human society. But a devotee is always transcendental to artiﬁcial fame and infamy, distress or happiness. He is very patient. He does not speak of anything but the topics about Kṛṣṇa; therefore he is called silent. Silent does not mean that one should not speak; silent means that one should not speak nonsense. One should speak only of essentials, and the most essential speech for the devotee is to speak for the sake of the Supreme Lord. A devotee is happy in all conditions; sometimes he may get very palatable foodstuffs, sometimes not, but he is satisﬁed. Nor does he care for any residential facility. He may sometimes live underneath a tree, and he may sometimes live in a very palatial building; he is attracted to neither. He is called ﬁxed because he is ﬁxed in his determination and knowledge. We may ﬁnd some repetition in the descriptions of the qualiﬁcations of a devotee, but this is just to emphasize the fact that a devotee must acquire all these qualiﬁcations. Without good qualiﬁcations, one cannot be a pure devotee. Harāv abhaktasya kuto mahad-guṇāḥ: one who is not a devotee has no good qualiﬁcation. One who wants to be recognized as a devotee should develop the good qualiﬁcations. Of course he does not extraneously endeavor to acquire these qualiﬁcations, but engagement in Kṛṣṇa consciousness and devotional service automatically helps him develop them.