BG 4.25:1	As described above, a person engaged in discharging duties in Kṛṣṇa consciousness is also called a perfect yogī or a ﬁrst-class mystic. But there are others also, who perform similar sacriﬁces in the worship of demigods, and still others who sacriﬁce to the Supreme Brahman, or the impersonal feature of the Supreme Lord. So there are different kinds of sacriﬁces in terms of different categories. Such different categories of sacriﬁce by different types of performers only superﬁcially demark varieties of sacriﬁce. Factually sacriﬁce means to satisfy the Supreme Lord, Viṣṇu, who is also known as Yajña. All the different varieties of sacriﬁce can be placed within two primary divisions: namely, sacriﬁce of worldly possessions and sacriﬁce in pursuit of transcendental knowledge. Those who are in Kṛṣṇa consciousness sacriﬁce all material possessions for the satisfaction of the Supreme Lord, while others, who want some temporary material happiness, sacriﬁce their material possessions to satisfy demigods such as Indra, the sun-god, etc. And others, who are impersonalists, sacriﬁce their identity by merging into the existence of impersonal Brahman. The demigods are powerful living entities appointed by the Supreme Lord for the maintenance and supervision of all material functions like the heating, watering and lighting of the universe. Those who are interested in material beneﬁts worship the demigods by various sacriﬁces according to the Vedic rituals. They are called bahv-īśvara-vādī, or believers in many gods. But others, who worship the impersonal feature of the Absolute Truth and regard the forms of the demigods as temporary, sacriﬁce their individual selves in the supreme ﬁre and thus end their individual existences by merging into the existence of the Supreme. Such impersonalists sacriﬁce their time in philosophical speculation to understand the transcendental nature of the Supreme. In other words, the fruitive workers sacriﬁce their material possessions for material enjoyment, whereas the impersonalist sacriﬁces his material designations with a view to merging into the existence of the Supreme. For the impersonalist, the ﬁre altar of sacriﬁce is the Supreme Brahman, and the offering is the self being consumed by the ﬁre of Brahman. The Kṛṣṇa conscious person, like Arjuna, however, sacriﬁces everything for the satisfaction of Kṛṣṇa, and thus all his material possessions as well as his own self – everything – is sacriﬁced for Kṛṣṇa. Thus, he is the ﬁrst-class yogī; but he does not lose his individual existence.