BG 3.5:1	It is not a question of embodied life, but it is the nature of the soul to be always active. Without the presence of the spirit soul, the material body cannot move. The body is only a dead vehicle to be worked by the spirit soul, which is always active and cannot stop even for a moment. As such, the spirit soul has to be engaged in the good work of Kṛṣṇa consciousness, otherwise it will be engaged in occupations dictated by the illusory energy. In contact with material energy, the spirit soul acquires material modes, and to purify the soul from such afﬁnities it is necessary to engage in the prescribed duties enjoined in the śāstras. But if the soul is engaged in his natural function of Kṛṣṇa consciousness, whatever he is able to do is good for him. The Śrīmad-Bhāgavatam (1.5.17) afﬁrms this:

BG 3.5:2	tyaktvā sva-dharmaṁ caraṇāmbujaṁ harerbhajann apakvo ’tha patet tato yadiyatra kva vābhadram abhūd amuṣya kiṁko vārtha āpto ’bhajatāṁ sva-dharmataḥ

BG 3.5:3	“If someone takes to Kṛṣṇa consciousness, even though he may not follow the prescribed duties in the śāstras or execute the devotional service properly, and even though he may fall down from the standard, there is no loss or evil for him. But if he carries out all the injunctions for puriﬁcation in the śāstras, what does it avail him if he is not Kṛṣṇa conscious?” So the puriﬁcatory process is necessary for reaching this point of Kṛṣṇa consciousness. Therefore, sannyāsa, or any puriﬁcatory process, is to help reach the ultimate goal of becoming Kṛṣṇa conscious, without which everything is considered a failure.