BG 1.21-22:1	Although Lord Kṛṣṇa is the Supreme Personality of Godhead, out of His causeless mercy He was engaged in the service of His friend. He never fails in His affection for His devotees, and thus He is addressed herein as infallible. As charioteer, He had to carry out the orders of Arjuna, and since He did not hesitate to do so, He is addressed as infallible. Although He had accepted the position of a charioteer for His devotee, His supreme position was not challenged. In all circumstances, He is the Supreme Personality of Godhead, Hṛṣīkeśa, the Lord of the total senses. The relationship between the Lord and His servitor is very sweet and transcendental. The servitor is always ready to render service to the Lord, and, similarly, the Lord is always seeking an opportunity to render some service to the devotee. He takes greater pleasure in His pure devotee’s assuming the advantageous position of ordering Him than He does in being the giver of orders. Since He is master, everyone is under His orders, and no one is above Him to order Him. But when He ﬁnds that a pure devotee is ordering Him, He obtains transcendental pleasure, although He is the infallible master in all circumstances.

BG 1.21-22:2	As a pure devotee of the Lord, Arjuna had no desire to ﬁght with his cousins and brothers, but he was forced to come onto the battleﬁeld by the obstinacy of Duryodhana, who was never agreeable to any peaceful negotiation. Therefore, he was very anxious to see who the leading persons present on the battleﬁeld were. Although there was no question of a peacemaking endeavor on the battleﬁeld, he wanted to see them again, and to see how much they were bent upon demanding an unwanted war.